### Design of the app
I wanted this app to be simple and easy to look at. While Yelp/Google Maps has all the features that my app includes, there are too many other parts that might not be necessary when we (college students) simply want to find a nearby coffee shop to sit down and work for a few hours. I wanted to create an app that just shows a list of (local) cafes that are known to be good for working (given by the Google Maps business attribute of 'Good for working on laptop'), with an indication of whether the place has WiFi or not (also given by the business attribute of 'Free Wi-Fi' - but just because the business did not specify this does not mean that there *isn't* Wi-Fi at that store. For example, Tatte has free Wi-Fi, but they did not list this feature in their API. So for this reason, instead of writing "Free Wi-Fi: No" on my app, I wrote "Unconfirmed").

The official Google Maps API had its limitations on what information was available, so I used a popular Google Maps scraper that included data like the business attributes mentioned above. Though I ran the code as shown in Apify.js, the actual runtime to get all the data took 30 minutes, which is unrealistic to run when a user opens the app, so I preloaded the data into the dataset.json file. After the json file was created, I ran a quick code to check `data[i].title != "Starbucks" && data[i].title != "Dunkin")` and removed these rows from the file, since I only wanted non-big chain cafes to show. This was another key aspect of my app - to show local shops that are not just Starbucks or Dunkin, which are ubiquitous in any city and frankly does not help us support local businesses.

Overall, when looking for a coffee shop to do work, we just want to know if the place is a good study environment, has Wi-Fi, and how late they open. My app is designed to show these basic features, which differentiates it from other apps like Yelp and Google Maps. I also only included one key color (light mauve, which is my favorite) to stick with the simplicity of this app.